So now we are starting a series of practical assignments and practical work used with regular expression.
The first problem we are going to look at is we're going to find a condition where the first letter
of a string should be in uppercase.
Here we have to check for the first letter.
That is the beginning of the string.
We can use the anchor carrot to check the beginning and also use range that is A to Z between square
brackets.
Let's practically try the same.
We can use the test method or match method depending on the requirement of the program.
At the moment we just have to make a decision.
So we will use the test method and try it.
Let's declare a variable.
Hello world.
Now I'm going to declare the pattern.
The pattern is I'm using the carrot sign here because I want to show that there has to be the beginning
of the string.
The next thing is, I want that it should be an uppercase letter that is between Capital A to Z.
Now, let's try the test method.
I'll say console.log, pattern or test string.
Let's run the code.
Now, as you can see that the output says true.
Let's change the first letter to lowercase and run the code again.
Now you see that the output is false.
So this is how you can check.
The first letter is in uppercase or not.